Build guide:

For legacy reasons, nexxt only builds in borland builder. 
You may have luck converting the project to Embarcadero RAD tools,
something i'm intending on doing at some later point, but it's
currently not something i can provide a guide for. 

The below goes for my experience getting it to build on win10. 

1) Find and Borland Builder 2006. 
2) Find its dependencies, listed below:
 
Microsoft .NET Framework v.1.1 Redistributable
Microsoft .NET SDK	 v.1.1
Microsoft Visual J#	 v.1.1 Redistributable
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 SP1
Microsoft XML Core Services v5.0 SP2

Some of these may already be covered by what you have on your
PC, or by later versions, but one in particular gave
me problems due to the installer not recognizing an updated
version that is supposed to cover the old one.
It's .net framework 1.1 (dotnetfx.exe). 

Its installer in turn won't function on win10, even with
compatibility modes turned on. 
You have to install manually it through the cmd prompt.
Here's how i did it:

1) create a new folder at c:\
	I called mine DotNet. Refer to this folder in the following steps.

2) Find and download Microsoft .NET Framework 1.1 redistrutable package (dotnetfx.exe)

3) Find and download Microsoft .NET framework 1.1 service pack 1 (DP1.1sp1-KB867460-X86.exe). 
Rename it dotnetfxsp1.exe. - I'm unsure if this is actually needed, but did it anyway.

4) Move both to your folder (in my case C:\DotNet)

5) Run command prompt as administrator

6) cd C:\DotNet

7) dotnetfx.exe /c:"msiexec.exe /a netfx.msi TARGETDIR=C:\DotNet"

8) A dialog shows. Click yes.

9) Another dialog. Click OK.

10) Go to the cmd prompt again. this time, run: 
    dotnetfxsp1.exe /Xp:C:\DotNet\netfxsp.msp
    No message will show. 
11) msiexec.exe /a c:\DotNet\netfx.msi /p c:\DotNet\netfxsp.msp

12) Wait for the dialog to be done

13) In your folder, there's now a file called netfx.msi. Run it.

14) wait for it to complete and close.

15) if you wish to confirm that it has been installed correctly, go to Control panel > Program and Features.



I think at least one of the others is really only necessary for borland builders' helpdoc. 
